#Greetings

My name is Blass Wolf, and I am the person responsible for this
website and its content. many of you reached out to me on social media
looking for answers as to what exactly this website is about and what
kind of content it will feature, first and foremost I would like to
say that social media isn't the ideal place to reach me, the best and
only way to do so is through this website, which soon will feature a
way in which you can contact me directly, expressing your doubts,
suggestion and whatever else you might have in mind regarding this
project and how you can interact with it, as well as learn how you can
help shape the future of our publications and tools.

As for the first question: this website is a space to read and discuss
horror stories of my authorship, and also the real-life events and
places that inspired those stories, delving deep into personal
beliefs, occultism, parapsychology, regional legends, folklore,
unexplained phenomena, personal experiences and everything else under
the definition of paranormal and ultimately supernatural.

The content that will be featured consists, as mentioned above, of
horror stories and stories focused on eerie corners and events of our
world, as well as the theory behind such occurrences, being it natural
causes, paranormal or supernatural, the website will also feature a
section where members will be able to interact with each other and
discuss their theories, beliefs, experiences, etc...

As for now, you can subscribe to the website newsletter and be
informed as soon as the first publication is available.

thank you for your interest and welcome to the pack -

    B.Wolf
